 a The instructions in this file help with the creation of an agent who uses a bigquery related tool that was created in a dedicated MCP server

Context: 
1. MCP: Model Context Protocol or Multi-Cloud Platform
2. Read about the Google genai_toolbox: https://github.com/googleapis/genai-toolbox - The MCP Toolbox for Databases is a command-line utility and 
   server component developed primarily to simplify and manage database operations in complex or multi-cloud environments.It is an abstraction 
   layer. Its main functions are as follows:

    1. Unified Database Management (Abstraction)
       The Toolbox aims to provide a single, consistent interface for managing common database tasks.
       Standardized Operations: It standardizes commands for tasks like connection pooling, schema synchronization, and data migration, 
       abstracting away the unique API calls required by different vendors (PostgreSQL, MySQL, Cloud Spanner, etc.).

       Simplified Client Access: It can act as a lightweight server that client applications connect to, which then handles the specific 
       database driver connections on their behalf.

    2. Streamlined Data Migration and Deployment
       The tool is often used to facilitate movement and deployment of database schema and data between environments, 
       which is crucial in a multi-cloud or continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipeline.It helps developers ensure 
       database changes are consistently applied across development, staging, and production environments.

    3. Context Management (Potential Model Integration)
       Given its likely connection to the Model Context Protocol (MCP), the toolbox may have specialized functions related to serving or 
       managing the data context required by Large Language Models (LLMs).It could be designed to efficiently prepare and deliver the necessary 
       database information (context) to an AI model for tasks like Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) or schema understanding.

1. Step 1: create a folder names mcp-toolbox
2. Step 2: Run the following commands in this folder. After you run this command the folder should have an executable with the name toolbox: 

      export VERSION=0.7.0 #The latest version can be found here: https://github.com/googleapis/genai-toolbox?tab=readme-ov-file#installing-the-server
      curl -O https://storage.googleapis.com/genai-toolbox/v$VERSION/linux/amd64/toolbox
      chmod +x toolbox

3. Step 3: Edit your tool.yaml file




